Update ManyToMany docs (#424)
IntelliTect/Coalesce: docs/modeling/model-components/attributes/many-to-many.md

<Prop def="public string FarNavigationProperty { get; set; }" />

The name of the navigation property on the middle entity that points at the far side of the many-to-many relationship. Use this to resolve ambiguities when the middle table of the many-to-many relationship has more than two reference navigation properties on it.

``` c#

> public class Person
> {
>     public int PersonId { get; set; }
>     public string FirstName { get; set; }
>     public string LastName { get; set; }
> 
>     [ManyToMany("Appointments", FarNavigationProperty = nameof(PersonAppointment.Appointment))]
>     public ICollection<PersonAppointment> PersonAppointments { get; set; }
> }
> 
> public class Appointment
> {
>     public int AppointmentId { get; set; }
>     public DateTime AppointmentDate { get; set; }
> 
>     [ManyToMany("People", FarNavigationProperty = nameof(PersonAppointment.Person))]
>     public ICollection<PersonAppointment> PersonAppointments { get; set; }
> }
> 
> public class PersonAppointment
> {
>     public int PersonAppointmentId { get; set; }
> 
>     public int PersonId { get; set; }
>     public Person Person { get; set; }
> 
>     public int AppointmentId { get; set; }
>     public Appointment Appointment { get; set; }
> 
>     // Additional reference requiring the use of FarNavigationProperty
>     public int WaiverId { get; set; }
>     public Waiver Waiver { get; set; }

Reviewer: I like to leave out the parts that are the same as the original example for conciseness, so its clear to the user what is unique about the example:

```suggestion
public class Person
{
    ...
    
    [ManyToMany("Appointments", FarNavigationProperty = nameof(PersonAppointment.Appointment))]
    public ICollection<PersonAppointment> PersonAppointments { get; set; }
}

public class Appointment
{
    ...

    [ManyToMany("People", FarNavigationProperty = nameof(PersonAppointment.Person))]
    public ICollection<PersonAppointment> PersonAppointments { get; set; }
}

public class PersonAppointment
{
    ...

    // Adding a third reference navigation property in the middle table requires 
    // the use of FarNavigationProperty in order to resolve ambiguity.
    public int WaiverId { get; set; }
    public Waiver Waiver { get; set; }
```
